## Legal
For our project, we are planning on using primarily open-source and/or free-to-use resources, so we should not run into any issues with disputes over intellectual property or things like that. The most important legal issue for us is to responsibly handle user data. This comes in two main areas within our app: user profiles, and payment. We plan on allowing users to create profiles to store their pizza topping preferences, and if this is done using emails and/or passwords, we need to ensure that our transmissions and storage of this information is secure, so that users' logins are secret, even though they may not have any sensitive information on their accounts. In terms of payment, if we implement the ability to place orders through our app, we must make sure we do so in a secure way so as not to leak any credit card or other payment information. Leakage of personal passwords, emails, or payment information could cause legal issues with users, so we must be responsible in how we handle this information.

## Social
Done properly, our project can enhance social gatherings. By utilizing our app, event organizers and attendees can worry less about the logistics of food (which is usually just a tangential aspect of events) and more about the proceedings of their events. Of course this is applicable to any kind of event, be it social or professional, for non-profit or for-profit organizations. This means, by extension, that if we are marginally improving non-profit events, we are also assisting them in their missions.

## Environmental
Our project has both potential negative and positive environmental impacts. Because the overall objective is to increase pizza orders, the impact would be an increase in pizza production and delivery. Therefore, more energy would be consumed to meet this need. Food production would produce food and animal waste, and delivering pizza consumes gasoline. However, we hope to offset this cost by creating what will effectively be more efficient food; food that meets the needs of customers while consuming less resources. If we create pizzas that have toppings that people want precisely, then less pizza needs made and hopefully less is wasted.

## Cultural
As the app would continue to grow and expand to new parts of the world, we would need to support new languages in the app. Although pizza is popular in many parts of the world, some parts have different variations like different topping choices, so we would need to account for this in the creation of our app as well. We hope to have a diverse userbase, because we believe that this will allow us to perceive and understand challenges we could not on our own, and from learning from a diverse userbase we can meet the needs of our users better.